PLAT-124936: [Agate Refactoring] Sync Button and Marquee with Sandstone (#400)
enactjs/agate: CHANGELOG.md

The following is a curated list of changes in the Enact agate module, newest changes on the top.

## [unreleased]

### Added

> - `agate/Marquee` new component
> - `agate/Button` marquee decorator
> - `agate/Button` tooltip decorator
> - `agate/Button` iconOnly, iconPosition, minWidth props

Reviewer: I don't think that we share internal logic changes to app developers. So we might not need the following logs.
```
- `agate/Button` marquee decorator
- `agate/Button` tooltip decorator
```

Component names or prop names should be wrapped with ``.

```suggestion
- `agate/Button` prop `iconOnly`, `iconPosition`, and `minWidth`
- `agate/Marquee` component

### Fixed

- `agate/Button` to marquee when focused
- `agate/Button` to show a tooltip when hovered
```

### Changed

> - `agate/Button` minWidth computed with IconButtonDecorator HoC

Reviewer: Let's skip this log.

The following is a curated list of changes in the Enact agate module, newest changes on the top.

## [unreleased]

### Added

> - `agate/Button` `checkPropsIncompatibility` function to warn props incompatibility

Reviewer: `checkPropsIncompatibility` is not `agate/Button/`'s prop. It might be better to remove it.
